HENRY: Previously on Eureka.
Boo!
(EXCLAIMS) Holly!
Did I scare you?
You're out.
And you're here.
ZANE: She's dying again.
Sustaining her is going
to take a breakthrough
in computer programing.
Marry me, Jack.
Right now.
Okay.
Bring us home, Henry!
HENRY: Then I now pronounce
you husband and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Wait! Have these.
BOTH: What's that?
Brand new roast for
a brand new marriage.
Sophisticated and earthy.
Thanks, Vince.
Enjoy.
You know, we still have
to fill out the compliance
forms with the DOD.
before we're
legally married.
True. Well, nothing
says lifelong
commitment like
government oversight.
Last chance to back out.
Nope, no way.
I'm in. I'm stuck.
(LAUGHING)
Hey, Mom! You think you
could drop me off at Dre's?
Yeah, sure. I have to get
a visitor's pass for Uncle
Marcus on the way to G.D.
Oh, big brother coming to
check in on little sister?
lt's adorable.
It's more like coming
to check up on you.
(CHUCKLES)
Whatever.
Don't worry.
Wait. She'sjoking, right?
I mean, what's the deal
with your uncle?
He's just sort of
prejudice, you know?
Against white people?
No. Against dumb
people, no offense.
I'll see you later, Jack.
Oh, none taken.
This is amazing.
l'm constructing a
neural digital interface
that can make
an Al. house compatible
with a trans-human life form.
That's not amazing,
it's epic.
Yes, yes, I'm a genius.
Let's find out of it works.
Run the patch now.
Initiating.
SARAH: Ooh, that tickles.
I feel... Accepted.
Well, you are good to go.
Sweet!
Where to first?
Um, he didn't mean
leave,go.
Oh, come on.
I've got cabin fever.
Holly, you're stable.
If we pull you out now,
we risk a catastrophic
synaptic relapse.
You mean I'm stuck here?
Well, no, eventually
we'll get you mobile.
It's just everything
from here on out is
aninnovaﬂveleap.
We can't rush it.
How long we
talking, Douglas?
However long it takes
us to get it right.
Okey-dokey.
Love you.
(GASPING)
Zane,
I need your help.
You might want to
review bathroom
etiquette with SARAH.
I'm not staying
long enough to
learn the rules.
You have to get me
out of here. Please?
What the hell is
a reproductive clause?
Well, boss, when a mommy
and a daddy love each
other very much they...
No... That's all right.
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
Something got your
hard drive in
a query, boss?
Allison's brother's
coming to town.
And I think he's checking
up on the schlub
his sister married.
Well, if you don't
mind my saying,
anyone who doesn't see
how great you are isn't
someone I want to know.
Thanks, Andy.
Hey, Kev. What's up?
Hey, I've got a presentation
on alternative
de-silicon computing,
do you think you could
help me practice?
Uh, computers aren't my thing.
I think maybe your mother
would be a better
audience for you.
No, no, you don't have
to like get the details.
| just need to work on
my delivery, you know?
I brought you some
maple bars and
Vincent's new espresso blend.
All right.
Enlighten me, Kev.
G.D.'s already developed
protein-based derma and
vascular mapping.
We've got everything we
need to help Holly.
Except a stable
neural-net processor.
And that's going to be tricky.
What exactly
are we processing?
We can build it.
We have the technology.
Is that for Holly?
I thought she was stable
in the Smart House.
Stable, yes.
Happy, no.
Ah, so you're officially
joining the mad
scientist union.
It's not mad. It's the
next logical step in
brain machine interfacing.
But we need to snag us
some high priority hardware.
Yeah, well, you're
head of Section Five. Ask.
You're not telling Fargo.
He's acting a little bit
overly cautious these days.
Holly's his girlfriend.
He deserves to know.
Yeah, but she asked us
to keep him out of it,
at least until we figure
out if this is even possible.
We tell him now
he might freak out
and pull the plug.
And that's what
I'm doing here.
Running interference at G.D.
Hmm. I'm going
to regret this.
Nice office.
KEVIN: And so, the ability
to manipulate graphene
between states
validates its
status as the ideal
alternative to silicon.
Thank you.
Genius.
I mean, I loved it
the third time.
The fourth time,
grand slam.
I don't know.
Maybe just one more time.
Mmm, Kev,
I could recite it now.
I think you're going
to be fine.
(CRASH)
(HORNHONNNG)
(SHOUTING)
Hey, are you all right?
(GRUNTS)
Ow!
So it's going
to be that kind of day.
Come here!
CROWD: Whoa!
Kev!
Uncle!
ALLISON: Jack!
Yeah!
This is my
brother, Marcus.
(GROANING)
Oh, of course it is.
Nice gams, Sheriff.
Welcome to Eureka.
Well, this takes restless leg
syndrome to a whole new level.
But they couldn't outrun
the long arm of the
brother-in-law.
Nice!
Now let's try this again.
Hi, I'm Jack.
Dr. Marcus Blake.
Do you prefer Dr. Blake
or can I call you Marcus?
I haven't decided yet.
Okay. Behave.
(LAUGHS)
Marcus is fine.
Good.
Good because
multiple Dr. Blakes
would be confusing.
Well, you should
see our family gatherings.
Can't swing a cat
without hitting a PhD.
Right, Allie?
Uh, yes, overachieving
runs in our genes. (LAUGHS)
Mine too, actually.
Just more with
Sheriff-y type stuff.
So is this typical Sheriff-y
stuff for you, Jack?
Well, nothing's really
typical in this
town, but I try.
No, you do great.
Thank you.
So listen, why don't
we go up to G.D.?
I'll give you a tour
of the new labs,
while Jack finds the
owner of our restless legs.
Sure. We can
catch up at dinner.
Okay, good.
All right. See ya.
I can't wait.
All right,
I will see you at home later.
Come on, Marcus.
(SIGHING)
Well, that went well.
Oh, settle down!
I adapted a new interface
layer to the portable drive,
but there's always a risk.
Here we go.
Um. You're sure she was
secure for transport.
Hey guys!
Oh, man, it feels
good to be...
In a garage?
That's not even
a lateral move.
Carter found your
missing legs.
Oh! Are those for me?
Actually, we've moved
past bionic limbs.
Ladies, gentlemen...
A-ha!
Welcome to Project
Habeas Corpus.
Zane, the missing
spintronic microprocessor
prototype and the biotable
from Genetics... Couldn't you
space out your requisitions
just to make my job
a little easier?
No time. No, we need to do
this and do this right before
Fargo finds out.
So what are
we talking here? Cloning?
A transgenic endoskeleton?
Biological fabrication.
Whoa. From the
cellular ground up?
Hold on, you guys
are building a living,
breathing body?
Yes.
By combining
a protein emulsion
and undifferentiated
somatic cells, we can use
her D.N.A. profile
and print her
body on an organic lattice.
Print? Like photocopy?
Yeah, very similar.
Except this inkjet
uses living cells.
(BEEPER WAILING)
911 from Parrish.
More missing equipment.
ZANE: You're going to need
to distract him, babe.
We can't risk
him taking this to Fargo,
othenNise he might shut us
down before we can begin.
(BOTH SIGHING)
Fine.
I'll distract Parrish.
All right.
Let's make us a woman.
Thank you, Dr. Blake,
your work
on organic computing,
it inspired my
post-doc research.
When you're accepting
your Nobel, be sure to
mention that.
Bye.
Everyone loves you,
it's kind of annoying.
Well, don't worry.
You're still Mom and
Dad's favorite.
Oh, yeah,
even after I didn't invite
them to the wedding?
That took us all
by surprise. We didn't
even know you were dating.
Well, it wasn't
exactly planned,
we were about to drown.
Why am I not feeling
reassured?
Sit down.
Listen, it's been
a very intense year
for Jack and I.
We were best friends
forever and we finally
found each other.
He's great.
And Sheriff-y.
Don't be a snob.
I'm being realistic.
What do you really have
in common? He's not
exactly Nathan Stark.
And I wouldn't
want him to be.
Jack is one of the
greatest guys that
I have ever known.
And, yes, he may have
more of an everyman
quality than Nathan did,
but he loves me.
At least keep
an open mind.
All right.
Aloha.
Doctor Parrish? Hey,
how was the unconventional
weapons convention?
If I see another diversionary
devices demonstration I'm
going to flash-bang myself.
Well, we, uh,
we missed you here.
So is there something
I can help you with?
Zane Donovan's head
on a pike would be
a good start.
So you've heard.
The director is
clearly blinded by grief.
Installing Donovan as
head of Section Five
is not only ludicrous,
it is a gross miscarriage
ofjustice.
What's this?
I'm keeping a running
tab of his infractions.
So far he has violated 22
regulations, and that has
just been this morning.
Well, that's just
outrageous.
I'm on my way to see
Fargo about it right now.
Actually, you see,
I'm the one that deals
with rule violations, so...
I'm going to take
care of it for you.
I spent weeks in
that lab trying to give
reliable results,
vowed we wouldn't
come out until we had
a functioning model.
(LAUGHING)
Well, you're here now, so...
I guess that
means it works.
Or you just told
everyone it did.
(LAUGHING NERVOUSLY)
Not that you
would do that to people.
You know, I did
a whole presentation
at Tesla based on
your research,
Uncle Marcus.
And aced it, I'm sure.
I couldn't have done
it without Jack's help.
Really? They cover
polycyclic hydrocarbons
in sheriff school?
No. Marshal services
is more focused on
catching bad guys.
And deadly run away legs.
I think, um, for me,
what's most impressive
is how you're using
flexible microprocessors
at one nanometer
0D. for their
current-carrying capacity.
I think that's innovative.
You read my article?
Well, I, uh, scanned it.
Well, aren't you
full of surprises.
(CHUCKLES)
No kidding.
Um, I'm going to go
check up on Jenna.
Kev, would you
mind helping me
clear the dishes?
We'll be back
in a sec.
So Kev, (CLEARS THROAT)
just practicing a speech, huh?
Did you even have a
presentation?
Last year,
but I got an A-plus on it.
Congratulations.
That's great.
And not the point.
Mmm?
I've seen
howjudgmental
Uncle Marcus can be
and I just wanted you
to be prepared, you know?
Look, I know you're
trying to help,
but this is who I am.
I'm not a scientific
genius. I'll never be
a scientific genius.
You can't change that
and neither can I.
Okay?
I'm sorry.
But you gotta admit that
was pretty awesome. Did you
see the look on his face?
I saw the look
on his face.
Come on.
SARAH: Good morning,
Dr. Blake.
Good morning, SARAH.
Hey.
You've been
up all night?
Yeah. Yeah,
I couldn't sleep.
Is that Marcus's
new book?
Yeah. Just so you know,
yours is much better.
Jack, listen, I know
my brother can be a bit
intimidating,
but you don't
have to impress anyone.
Oh, I know. I'mjust
trying to keep up.
You sure you're
feeling all right?
Great. Better than
great, actually.
All right, well, I'll see
you at Cafe Diem later
for the book signing.
Wouldn't miss it.
Okay, bye.
(BEEPS)
Oh! SARAH,
how did we do?
SARAH: Adapting my oven for
the thermal oxidation
process was a challenge,
but I think you'll be
happy with the
results, Sheriff.
Fantastic.
SARAH: You're taking quite an
interest in Dr. Blake's work.
Maybe you have more in
common than you thought.
Well, he deals
in theory and I deal
in practice.
Hey, boss,
what are you doing?
Did you know there
are 42 police codes
associated with trespassing?
That's excessive!
And six, six governing
jugang.
Uh, that's right.
Uh, put into effect in
1987 after an unfortunate
plasma torch accident.
Watch this,
statute 153.2.
Boom! I know.
I memorized them all.
But my programming
already has a database
of law enforcement codes
you don't
need to know.
Yeah, but now you don't
need to know, right?
I'm a complete package.
I'm a one-man wrecking
crew of justice.
But, uh, still room on
the crew for a deputy,
right, boss?
Well, um, actually,
I think I got it
handled, so I can
talk to the DOD,
see if I can get you
reassigned, and as for today,
you got the day off.
Go watch a movie.
Uh...
Okay.
Hey!
Settling back in okay,
Dr. Parrish?
Oh, cut the crap, Lupo.
I know you and
Donovan are doing the
horizontal mambo.
Excuse me?
You're back together!
Obviously that renders you
incapable of conducting
a fair, thorough
and impartial
investigation.
On the contrary.
I'm not happy with
Zane's promotion, either.
Having him in charge of
Section Five only makes
myjob 10 times harder.
Maybe it's time to
call in the big guns.
Actually, I have a better
idea. If you and I work
the case together,
we can take all of Zane's
infractions to Fargo
and get him to reconsider the
promotion. What do you think?
I could really use your help.
The real me won't look
like a creepy department
store mannequin, right?
Relax. The body blank is just
a crash test dummy for your
new neural prosthetic.
Are we sure a spintronic
microprocessor brain
will actually work
with an organic body?
Downloading a consciousness
is a one-shot process,
which is why we're
field testing the blank.
All processors are online.
All systems are good to go.
Let's do this.
Powering up.
ZANE: 50%. 60%.
70%.
Initiating
a neural pulsing.
ZANE: 90%.
(BEEPING)
100%.
Okay. All right,
let's try a command.
Um, just keep it simple.
Done.
(GASPS)
(LAUGHS)
It's working!
I have a pulse!
Neural pulsing
is taxing the system.
(BEEPING)
System's overheating.
Shut it down.
We're going to
fix that, right?
There's no chance the
authorization went into
your spam folder?
Hmm. I suppose
it's possible.
Right. If you
could just have
another look for me.
Thanks for your time.
What the hell was that?
You're either
protecting your boyfriend
or you are the worst
interrogator in the
history of the world.
(SIGHS)
Right. Yeah, that was
a terrible interview.
I'm having a hard time
focusing right now and
I think that it's
you.
Me?
Yeah. You know,
we've never worked
this closely together
and I had no idea
that you are
so magnetic.
Oh.
This sort of thing,
it happens all the time.
And I would be
lying if! said that
I didn't feel something
for you as well,
but I think it is
extremely important
that we maintain
a professional relationship.
Yes, yes.
You are absolutely right.
So, I guess we're going
to have to do these
interviews over again.
I'll take the lead
this time.
Good idea.
I knew I shouldn't have
worn these jeans.
MARCUS: You'll definitely
enjoy this one.
Your uncle's quite
a rock star.
Yeah.
Have you seen Jack?
No, not yet.
Is everything okay?
I don't know.
Has he seemed weird
to you at all?
You talking about,
like, last night?
He was just reading up
on Uncle Marcus.
Yes, and he continued
to read the entire night.
Looked like Marcus's
whole book and mine.
Uh, I've got to go
check something.
I'll be right back.
Check on...
Excuse me,
is there anything else
I can get for you?
I make the best
Belgian chocolate
souffle in the world.
I'm a bit of a molecular
gastronomist myself.
Would you
sign this apron?
Of course.
(SOFTLY) I love him.
There you are.
Thank you.
Jack, good morning.
Hi. Morning.
Would you like me to
sign your copy of my book?
Well, okay. Actually,
I have a couple of
questions, though.
I'll bet you do.
Um, like on page 158,
for starters,
you postulate that
an organic transistor
made of rubrene
could function properly
at room temperature.
I don't think that
takes into account its
nonlinear thermal properties.
Jack, what are you
talking about?
Well, no, Iwent over
your brother's specs and
that processor
is going to overheat at
the speeds necessary for it
to function properly.
And you came to this
conclusion all on your own?
Well,
it's a pretty
glaring error.
Why don't you stick to
writing parking tickets?
Leave the laws
of thermodynamics
to the experts.
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
I can prove it.
Come here.
Sorry, sorry.
Excuse me
for one second.
ALLISON: Jack?
Just one second.
(LAUGHING)
What did you
do to my car?
An actual
rubrene processor?
Yes.
You built this?
Well, it's amazing
what you can
build, actually,
with some silicon rods and
semi-conductor switches.
And you added an
extra gate in the back
of each transistor.
Well, you have to because
organic chips have that
annoying switching problem.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Have you tested it?
I was going to,
but your car,
your career.
It's okay.
My design is sound.
Oh, yeah?
It'll hold.
ALLISON:
Uh, Jack?
What are you...
(WHIRRING)
Marcus,
get out of the car.
Marcus!
CARTER: Wait for it!
Jack, shut it down!
Run!
ALL: Oh!
Oh! Oh!
Tough break, college!
Science is fun!
Marcus, I am so sorry.
I have no idea what
Jack was thinking
or how he even did this.
Well, it's not
that hard.
The heat tolerance
index should have
been sufficient.
I don't understand.
Well, that's what
you get for ignoring
Gianni VanDeHey's
principle of
entropic inversion.
Jack, you're scaring me.
If the rubrene
microprocessor can't handle
the heat, what can?
Well, I was actually
noodling around
with the idea
of attaching a pentacene
crystal directly to
a silicon substrate.
Jack,
that's brilliant.
Yes, it is.
And terrifying.
VVhy?
All right, Jack.
You got my attention.
Let's talk.
Okay, I want to
run some tests first.
Oh, that engine's
a goner.
Not on the engine,
on you.
I'm fine.
Let me get my notes.
I'll give you
a lift to G.D.
Good.
Great.
What?
(EXHALING DEEPLY)
Don't worry
about the car.
Andy, you see that?
Um, do I detect
a hint of burnt
fluorocarbons, boss?
Can I get you
a fresh uniform?
Yeah, uh, no. I got it.
What are you still
doing here?
Ijust thought I could
make myself useful,
what with your
family visiting,
maybe
you could pass some
of your work off to me.
Nah. I got it.
Jack?
Yeah?
Ow! Why did you do that?
Jack, there is something
wrong with you.
You have never
studied thermodynamics or
physics and you're
doing work that
could rewrite the textbooks.
I know. Turns out
it's not that hard.
I'm worried about you.
We need to run some
neurological tests.
What I need is
a supercomputer
to run my new designs.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Uh, my CPU. operates
at 106 teraflops.
That's right.
It does. You game
for a little upgrade?
Really?
If this works,
you'll be the most advanced
supercomputer on the planet.
Ah! Mi cabeza es
su cabeza, boss.
Right. Here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are you doing?
You can't put
that kind of untested
technology in Andy's head.
Well, innovation
requires risk, Allie.
You know that.
Jack, listen to yourself.
You're willing to risk
the life of your friend
to test a theory?
Friend? It's a robot,
and if it blows up,
we just order another one.
Okay?
Where are you? Huh?
Mom,
there's something
wrong with Jack.
I know. I've been
taking a look
at the new Vinspresso
blend that Jack's
been drinking
and it has unusually
high levels of
Alpha-GPC.
Look at me.
What did you
dose him with?
(SIGHING) It's a
cognitive enhancement
drug, all right?
It's supposed to increase
memory and cognition,
but only temporarily.
The effects shouldn't
have lasted this long.
Well, something else
must be interacting with it.
I didn't mean for this
to happen, all right?
I was trying to
help him stand up
to Uncle Marcus.
I just need to know
everything that was
in your C.E.D.
And just so that
we're clear, you're
grounded until you're 30.
I kind of figured.
Come on.
MARCUS: Is it
supposed to do that?
Well, red is for dopamine
and yellow's for serotonin.
You know, it's
exhausting having
to explain
every little detail
to somebody.
Wow. I feel
faster already.
(WHIRRING)
There's a huge power
surge in Andy's heat sync.
Well, not unexpected.
Processor power has
increased exponentially.
Which means
very fast.
Thank you.
Voila.
Andy, you are
good to go.
Whoa, I feel a pleasant
tingling in my artificial
neurons, boss.
You're welcome.
A functioning,
almost zero heat
photonic processor.
Fifteen years of research
and I never came close.
I have to call my publisher.
This could be my next book.
Our book!
I want a field
test, boss.
I want to take
the new noggin
out for a spin,
but I need a
power recharge.
This new upgrade's
really sucking back
the old amperage.
(RINGING)
Hello?
ALLISON: Jack,
I need to see
you right now.
Yeah, kind of
busy right now.
Listen, Kevin dosed your
coffee with an Alpha-GPC.
He slipped you
a smart mickey.
Yeah, I understood
you the first time.
Uh, Alpha-GPC,
also known as L-Alpha
Glycewlphosphowlcholine.
Did you hear what
you just said?
Yeah, Allison, I'm not
sure if you understand.
I'm in the middle of making
scientific history here.
The tech we put
in Andy's... Huh!
Where's Andy?
Ugh, great. What now?
JO: Do a floor by floor.
We need to know if these
power drains are
a system malfunction
or a real
security breach.
Yes, ma'am.
What the hell
is going on?
Probably some idiot's
experiment disrupting
the smart grid.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Lupo.
I'll be right there.
Someone's
breached our offsite
communications.
I've got to
head to the station.
Don't worry about me.
I'm going to continue
our little investigation.
I have a lead
that I want to
follow up on.
Uh, wait, Parrish...
Shh.
We'll rendezvous later.
HENRY:
At least the processor
was undamaged.
ZANE: The bio-printer
checks out clean.
The spintronic
microprocessor
just runs too hot.
And we can't install a big
enough heat sink without
giving you a digital lobotomy.
But you're going
to keep trying, right?
A-ha! Oh, I knew it.
You're so busted,
Donovan!
I knew you were
stealing equipment.
All right,
let's take this outside.
The electrode array,
and the bio-table...
Aloha, Isaac.
How was Hawaii?
Andy, what the hell
are you doing?
Just getting some
extra power cells, a little
more juice for the jug.
Are you
feeling okay?
Oh, I feel terrific.
And once I amp up
the power to handle my new
photonic processor,
I'm going to be the
best deputy ever!
Andy, we need to
get you checked out.
Your heat signature's
through the roof.
And you're putting the
town at risk.
Come on.
(GROANS)
|'|| drive.
No can do, Miss Lupo,
got to feed the old
brain-a-saurus.
(GROANING)
Oh, power feels good.
(PANTING)
And...
This ought to do it.
Amazing.
We are going to spark
a whole new
industrial revolution.
Maglev trains, hover cars,
cheap, easy energy.
Allison, I take
back everything
I said about Jack.
He's a genius.
Well, not exactly.
I ran my tests on
the Alpha-GPC-booster
that Kevin dosed you with.
Oh, are you still
on about that?
Jack, it is interacting...
With my Z-waves. Yeah,
I figured there was going to
be a synaptic catalyst.
It's enhancing your
neural activity to a degree
that I have never seen before.
You are getting smarter
by the minute.
So, he's not
normally like this?
Hardly. I'm working
on a serum to hopefully
counteract the effects.
Why?
The effects are awesome!
No, they're not.
Jack, you're not
you anymore.
I know. I'm better.
Okay, Allison...
Hold on, Jack.
If there are no
adverse effects, let him
finish his research.
He's really on to
something here.
I don't care about
his research.
I care about him!
Allison, for the
first time, I fit in.
I don't want to go
back to being the
dumb old Sheriff.
Jack, the dumb old
Sheriff is the man
that I married.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Allison Blake.
Andy did what?
Why didn't you tell me?
Being a hologram
is pretty cool, but
can you imagine going
through eternity unable
to touch yourself?
Douglas doesn't
understand, and we couldn't
risk you telling him.
Holly, you have to
know you can
always trust me.
Confiscate everything.
(SOFTLY)
Starting right now.
Congratulations.
It seems that your
little experiment on
Andy was a bit too
successful. He's on a
power binge,
stealing energy cells
from anywhere.
It makes sense.
He's compensating
for the iPS increase.
He almost killed Jo.
He's going to burn out.
All right, um,
I gotta run some numbers.
We'll fix it on the
next prototype, okay?
Jack, wait.
Andy is your deputy.
He is your friend,
and now he's dangerous.
He needs your help.
Mmm-hmm.
We need to
find him before
he melts down, Jack.
All right, good idea.
If we can avoid burnout,
we can harvest the processor.
It's...
Never mind.
It could have
worked, Fargo.
Yeah. Or you could
have liquefied
herhead.
I can't believe you
guys went behind my back.
We were trying
to help her.
By putting Holly's
life in danger?
This isn't a life.
Holly, we've
talked about this.
You're safer...
Stop saying that.
I am not safe,
I'm trapped.
I'm just photons
and sound waves.
I'm sharing a body
with a stupid house.
Doug, if I'm not
happy with what I am,
how can you be?
Holly. Holly!
(PAGER WAILING)
Look, we can figure this out.
Bio-printing is the way,
I know it. If you help us...
Zane, it's over.
Jo needs backup. It seems that
you two aren't the only
ones playing Frankenstein.
Let's move it, people.
Half the town's
in blackout.
Could have used some
help from local law
enforcement.
Carter?
Sorry. Just trying to
calculate how long we have
before Andy's system melts
down given his, uh,
current rate
of energy consumption.
And?
Twenty-one minutes, roughly.
Well, if we can find
him, maybe he'll
listen to reason.
Jo said that Andy
wasn't himself,
like he had no feelings.
Okay, uh, his processor
might be siphoning energy
from his emotion patch.
Which seems to
be going around.
Where's Andy?
I don't know.
Maybe he left already.
Well, then
where's Vincent?
He's the one that
called in the 911.
(ENGINE ROARING)
Move!
He could have killed us!
Maybe he was trying to.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Oh, my God, Vincent,
are you okay?
Andy took the fuel cell
to the freezer unit.
Now, why would
he do that? He knows tomorrow
is Tuscany Tuesday.
Jo missed
him at Cafe Diem.
He's on the move.
FARGO: So we have
an unreasonable, power hungry
robot on the loose.
We've got
to stop him.
What now?
Now...
We think like Jack.
Okay, um, blast him
with ionized nitrogen.
That'll trigger his
fail-safe and terminate
his programming.
Not you,
our Jack.
Andy's looking for
more power, right?
So where would he go?
Hi, honey.
I'm home.
SARAH:
What a pleasant surprise.
What's all this?
l was just setting
up for my book
club meeting.
I won't be but a minute.
I just need a little
afternoon delight.
SARAH: Andy,
what are you doing?
Recharging.
SARAH: Andy, you're unhinging
my CPU. panel.
That will compromise
my essential systems.
Isn't that a pickle?
That's what I'm looking for.
Andy, don't do this.
You're sick.
We can help you.
That won't be necessary.
Dr. Blake,
you need to leave.
Andy,
you're hurting SARAH.
She likes to talk.
I like to shoot.
I admire your
persistence, Miss Lupo,
but we both know
you can't stop me.
SARAH: But I can.
Ooh!
Sorry, Andy.
What did you do to me?
You set me up!
You all right, SARAH?
SARAH: |wi|| be.
Please, let me go.
I need power!
ALLISON: Andy, listen to me.
This is SARAH.
Do you remember
when you were on Titan?
Of course.
Who did you miss the most
when you were trapped there?
Mi casita bonita.
Okay. The photonic processor
is overriding your
emotion programming,
but I know that you
are still in there somewhere.
SARAH: Andy, I need you.
Please help me.
CARTER: Almost there.
Marcus, if you could
align the LO. socket with
the address bus.
Got it.
Are the straps
really necessary?
It's not like I'm
going to subdue you
and head back to
the Smart House at
my first chance.
Right, carry on.
Hang in there, Andy.
Oh, uh,
something's happening.
And processor's out.
Let me restart him.
How do you feel?
Slower. Thanks.
Now if you'll
excuse me, I need to
apologize to my girl.
Oh, we could have learned
so much from an extended
real-time field test.
I know.
But a virtual model
will work just fine.
(TYPING)
Nice to have
our Andy back.
Would have been safer
to deactivate him.
You don't give
up on family.
Look, it was
a risky move.
Yeah, which saved his life.
It's what my husband
would have done.
And I'd really like to
have him back now.
I'm right here.
I'm just better.
But you've lost the
best part of you.
Your heart.
Holly, are you here?
Look, I'm sorry,
but you know I'd do
anything for you.
I guess Ijust got
caught up in what
it would do to me.
I hope you can
forgive me.
What you got there?
Um, I'mjust going
over the specs for
Carter's photonic processor.
It's actually
kind of amazing.
Wait, wait, wait.
Sheriff Carter?
Oh, uh, long story.
Doug, why are you here?
Because you're
my Princess Leia.
You're going to help me.
But I'm not
your only hope.
Henry and Zane think
this bio-printer thing
could actually work.
So, if that's
what you want,
I'll do
everything in my power
to make it happen.
| just want
to be with you.
For real.
We'll find a way.
Cerebral proteins are marked.
I've isolated
the choline stabilizer.
I'm retro-lacing
the G.P.C. upgrade.
It should reverse
the neural boost.
Sure can't wait to have
my husband back.
Oh, you two
work well together.
You're certain
you want to do this?
Yes.
So this may make
you a little dizzy.
Let's just hope
this works.
Of course it'll work.
I'm a genius, right?
(CHUCKLES)
It was nice, though,
being on your level
for once.
Jack, you've always
been on my level.
(WHIRRING)
(INHALES)
So it's going
to take a minute for
his vitals to stabilize.
MARCUS: Okay, I admit it.
I may have judged
him a bit prematurely.
Marcus,
Jack Carter may not have
the highest I.Q. in town,
but he's the smartest
man that I know.
Married you, didn't he?
Hey.
(SIGHS)
How you feeling?
Slower.
Thanks.
Don't worry, Jack,
I've learned my lesson
the first time.
Good.
So you want to help
me with my homework?
(CHUCKLES)
I don't think so, pal.
Hey! So you guys
must have made out.
We're right as rain, boss.
SARAH accepted my apology.
SARAH: Uh-huh. Three times.
Yeah.
Thanks for the image.
Uh, listen, Andy,
I'm sorry about what I did.
Don't worry about it, boss.
I'm okay.
As long as I get to
be your deputy again.
I wouldn't have it
any other way.
Ready to
make this official?
Yes.
I've never seen my
little sister so happy.
Welcome to
the family, Jack.
Or is it Sheriff?
I'm still deciding.
(LAUGHS)
Thanks.
Okay, just sign
on the dotted line.
After you.
Boss, Mrs. Boss.
Excellent. The documents
have been signed
under conditions free
from stress and coercion.
Do you have a witness?
Uh...
Marcus.
I'd be honored to.
Although, I think she might
like a ring at some point.
Okey-dokey.
Sheriff, Doctor Blake,
I now pronounce you
formally acknowledged
by the
US. Department of Defense
as legally joined
in holy matrimony
as defined by
section 8.7 in the...
SARAH: What he meant
to say was,
"You may now
kiss the bride."
Now that I understood.
Yay!
Subtitling : C.M.C.